#  First Snow Fall

Today is ==November== 26th.

It snowed all day today.

The snow is beautiful.

The snow finally stopped.

My sister and I are excited.

My Mom doesn't like the snow.

> 第三人称does not

My Mom has to ==shovel== the drive way.

My sister and I <u>get to play</u>.

I put on my hat and ==mittens==.

My Mom puts on my scarf.

My Mom zippers my jacket.

My sister puts on her hat and mittens.

My Mon puts on her sacrf.

My Mom zippers her jacket.

My sister and I <u>go outside</u>.

We begin to make a snow man.

My Mom starts to shovel the snow.

My sister and I make snow angels.

My sister and I throw ==snowballs==.

It starts to snow again.

We go inside for hot chocolate.



# Jessica's First Day of School

 Today is Jesscica's first Day of ==kindergarten==

Jessicas and her parents walk to school

Jessica's Mon walks with her to her classroom

Jessica meets her teacher

His name is Mr. Parker

The school bell rings at **8.45 A.M**

Jesscica  hugs and ==kisses== her Mom goodbye 

 Jesscica's mom says  "I love you" 

At 9.00 A.M., Jesscica ==stands for== the National anthem.

> National anthem国歌

Mr.Parker ==calls out== children's   name

Each child ==yells back== "Here. "

Mr.Parker teaches them about letters.

Mr. Parker teaches them about  numbers

At 10:15 A.M.  ,The students ==have recess==

Recess is fun

The students get to play and eat

At 10:30, The students go to gym class

At 11:15 A.M., The students return to Mr. Parker's classroom

Mr.Parker tells the students to sit on the ==carpet==

Mr.Parker reads the students a story

Mr. Parker teaches the students a song

The lunch bell rings

Jesscica's first day of school is over

# My Flower Garden

My name is Anne.I love flowers.

I have a flower garden.

 My garden is in front of my house.

My ==neighbour== has a garden too. 

My garden has different types of flowers.

I hava rose==s== in my garden.

I have ==tulips== in my garden.

I have ==petunias== in my garden

>tulip:チューリップ　　petunia:ペチュニア

My garden has different colors

I plant red flowers

I plant orange flowers

I plant blue flowers

I plant ==purple== flowers

 I take care of my garden

I water my garden everyday

I ==kill the weeds== in my garden

>kill the weeds 除草

I kill ==insects== that eat my flowers 

I love my batutiful garden

# About smoke

Ba~~be~~, please don'~~t~~ smoke,it 'll kill you pala~~te~~.

>plate
>
>palate

Then my palate will die happy.

Hey,Margot,<u>tonight-is</u> huge,okay?

The "flavor profiles", it's all super delicate

>flavor 
>-pink flavor
>-flavor of life
>
>**delicate delicious**
>The eye is one of the most delicate organs of the body

When you smoke,you ==ruin your ability== to be-able to appreciate them

>基础意义：把什么看的很重
>
>appreciate it = thanks 
>Thank you.I really appreciate it.
>
>Someone who appreciated their value.
>
>I appreciate your situation. 把你的处境看的很重，所以这里可以翻译为我理解你的处境
>
>It my have appreciated in value.
> 此处是不及物动词。所有宾语动词和自己互动。这里理解为把自己看的很重，涨价。
>这句话翻译为：而且这幅画可能还涨价了呢

# Dictation 

## 20230202

Mother Teresa , Who received ==<u>a</u> Nobel Peace Pri<u>z</u>e==

>prize/price
>
>prize: 在比赛中获取的奖
>reward：因为什么行为获得奖赏
>

for her work ==on behalf of==  the poor, 

die**s** in Calcutta, India

she was 87 years old.

>###### behalf 代表
>
>He made a speech on behalf of the company.
>Let me tell you something on behalf of women everywhere.
>
>behave



## 20230206

Wha~~t~~ time do you ~~h~~ave? 

I have 5 o'clok.  

There are 3 things 
I have learned Never to discuss with people .
Religion,politics,and the Great Pumpkin

# Reasons to learn a new language

##### The language I'm speaking right now **is** <u>on its way to becoming</u> the world's universal language.

##### for better or for worse.

##### Let's face it.

##### It's the language of the internet,

##### it's the language of the finance

##### ,it's the language of air traffic control,

##### of popular music,==diplomacy==.

##### English is everywhere.





"Could you please provide me with synonyms for the word 'obsolete' 

and explain the differences between them? 

Additionally, could you provide example sentences using each word?"



#### 202230414

Hobby-driven tourism is becoming a phenomenon among young Chinese.

Upon normal tourism, people choose to travel to another city to take in natural landscapes or attractions
